### General Sentiment

<p>Overall, there are a few “general” sentiments given in the podcast, some of which I agree with and some I am more hesitant about from a practical point of view. I do agree that there is not enough time devoted to grading in educational programs at the college level and that there isn’t much critical thought put into how we grade. In my Grad school work for my music education masters, there was only one assignment given which dealt with grading and I don’t recall much strategy or direction given for it. I found this odd given that it is a significant part of the job. It is something I felt I had to figure out on the job and constantly be refining. In theory, I also do agree to finding more equitable ways of grading, although in the podcast, I didn’t really feel that there was a clear explanation of what equity looks like in practice.</p>
<p>I also agree with the idea of grading by providing clear criteria for what mastery of certain skills look like and grading based more on that criteria using a rubric. I have found this method more suitable for my teaching. I have never really used a point system and I think in the podcast, the author brought up a good point that it makes the focus become more about point accumulation than mastering the content.</p>

### Specific Points

<p>I could not fully get onboard with the idea that grading should only be a reflection of how well students demonstrate a mastery of a skill set and not include things like behavior and participation. I can see this idea making more sense at a collegiate level, but I teach in middle school and I feel students need to be held accountable for their actions as well as their knowledge of content. They are still learning social skills and to give any sense that their behavior doesn’t really matter as long as they can do the work does not seem realistic. I feel this could set a standard for potentially disruptive behavior that could conceivably affect other students’ abilities to master the skills I am trying to teach. I can not, in good conscience, allow a student who can do the work correctly but is disruptive and disrespectful to myself and/or classmate to feel that that behavior is acceptable as long as they perform well.</p>
	<p>I was also skeptical of the optimistic view that all students will be intrinsically motivated to do work that will not be graded because it will cause them to perform better on summative assessments which, according to the author, is where students should be graded. This seems to place the emphasis on product over process and I think looking at all steps in the learning process as you build towards a skill is important to evaluate, not just look at the end result. The suggestion was offered to gather data to show correlation between doing the prep work and the results of summative assessments to prove that the prep work will lead to better grades. I get that idea, but I also feel there is potential for that to backfire with both students who didn’t do the prep and are able to do well on the summative assessment and students who do the prep work but still do not do well on the summative assessment.</p>

### Implementation of Ideas

I’m not sure if there was a specific thing I would implement. I liked the idea of allowing students to provide a notification if their work was going to be late. But I also feel that some students would take advantage of that. Last year, during remote learning, my school had a policy to not impose penalties for work submitted late. There were some students, some who were generally high performing, who never turned in assignments on time as a result of this. However, as a teacher, I then was spending a lot more time doing outreach to make sure that those assignments were turned in. Also, from a grading point of view, if you grade ⅔ of the class work in one sitting but then have to constantly be grading late assignments as they come in periodically,  it takes up a lot of extra time to have to do that. I also feel that if education is about teaching real world skills, there are consequences for not meeting deadlines in the real world. Better for students to learn that with a deduction on a grade for a music assignment instead of losing a job or having their electricity cut off.</p>
	<p>I did like the idea of using student testimonials to show the benefits of certain policies. I would consider doing that. I have certainly used student feedback as a way to modify how I teach certain classes. I also like the general sentiment of trying to improve what you do by taking small, low stakes risks in an effort to change things. I try to not get too comfortable in how I do things and am constantly reworking my lessons and curriculum. While this can create more work at times when it could be easier to just do the same thing over and over, I find it more fulfilling and I think it helps inform my overall teaching.</p>
