**Describe an instance when you were teaching something computer science related and it went poorly**

A couple of years ago, I was teaching Sonic Pi once a week as part of my music curriculum. It was some time during the 3rd marking period so the students had learned a decent amount at this point. We had just finished a unit and were starting on a new unit about have multiple loops running concurrently to have several musical sounds playing at once (this is a fairly common practice in Sonic Pi). The main issue is getting the loops to sync up in so everything plays along to the same beat. This was the first time I had taught this lesson so my plan was to just do some live coding demos. However, right at the beginning of the lesson, my assistant principal came in to do one of my observations for the year. I immediately panicked because I knew what I had originally planned to do was not going to go over well when held to the Danielson rubric, particularly in the area of class discussion which is something my administration is often pushing for. I tried to work in a couple of turn and talk questions on the fly which was enough to satisfy my AP (Although I still got a few developings in the overall observation). But overall, I didn't really feel the lesson went well from an observational point of view or from a teaching point of view. It was already kind of half-assed and then having to half-ass some stuff to make it look good for the observation made it even worse. I had some better stuff planned as we got deeper into this unit, but the first lesson was just meant as an introduction which meant I was doing most of the talking and this doesn't go over well for observations. I do think I could have put some more effort into planning to introduce this topic. The whole experience did get me thinking more about how to structure coding lessons more in a way that fit into classroom teaching model because this was before having any CS teaching training and most of my experience learning CS was from watching coding tutorials, so my method of teaching was just live coding examples and having students follow along. I also have since been proactive about inviting administrators to my classroom when I am doing a lesson that I feel would go over well in an observation because more often than not, they will do an observation to check that off their list as well.<br>
<br>
**Describe an instance when you were teaching something computer science related and it went really well**

I was teaching a class on physical computing with Makey Makey and p5.js and I had a lesson where the students had to make a shape out of playdoh, then code that shape in p5. From there they had to code some animation into the sketch so the shape would change and it would be triggered by a key press event. They then connected the Makey Makey to the playdoh shape and touching the playdoh shape would trigger the animation in the code. The lesson went really well because it hooked the kids right away. They came into class and there were a bunch of containers of playdoh already on the table which got everyone really excited. Before they even knew what the coding part was they got to make something tangible. From there, they could easily transition to the first coding part because the only directions I had to give was "Make that shape in p5" It was a simple task that they were able to do easily. After that, they had to plan out their code for the animation before they could actually code it. Normally, making students plan before coding doesn't always go so well, but they already were engaged from the first part of the assignment that they really got into the planning because they had a clear idea of what the end result was going to be. 
