


### Extensions

This approach is about providing students the opportunity to challenge themselves beyond the expectations of an initial task. The starting point would be a task that all students would be expected to complete. There would then be extensions to this task to challenge higher level students who are able to complete the initial task more easily. The goal of differentiation is anticipating there will be students who are above the level of the task and providing them with more challenging tasks that are more inline with their ability level. Students could be grouped ahead of time homogeneously based on ability level with the teacher making assumptions in regards to how far along the groups would be able to get.

### Tiered Starter code

This was an idea I got from Eric Liu in a discussion from a previous class.
For a given task that is anticipated to taken multiple class periods, students can be provided with different levels of starter code. In the beginning all students are provided with the same basic template and given the opportunity to move forward. For this starter code, students are not provided with much and have to see how far they are able to get. For the next class, students are divided up into 1.) those who were able to make sufficient progress and can continue working on their own and 2.) those who are unable to to get too far in the task. This group is then provided with additional scaffolds in the template code to move them along. This can be extended for a third day in which students who are still struggling are provided with additional support. The purpose of this strategy is to allow all students the opportunity to have a productive struggle while keeping them all moving forward toward completion of the task. Eric did warn us that after doing this strategy a couple of times, some students begin to not put in as much effort in anticipation of just being given the scaffolds later on, so this is not a strategy to always be employed.

### Student choice for demonstration of skill

This approach would be to provide an assignment to students which requires them to demonstrate a certain coding skill (for loops, conditional statements, etc) but the differentiation comes by allowing them some freedom in regards to how they choose to demonstrate this skill. I have used this approach when teaching p5.js. Since p5 is a visual coding language, the results of student projects will often be different and require different approaches to completing them. But they can be structured in a way that a certain concept must be utilized. Higher level students will be able to make more complex projects while students at a lower level can complete the assignment with a more simple project that still demonstrates understanding of the concept. I have found that it is helpful to provide an example for students who struggle to come up with their own ideas. Since this would be used as an assessment for student understanding, I would not be grouping students. But because there are multiple ways to complete the assignment, I would be able to use the finished assignments as a guide to understand where students are at in their understanding and could use that data to group students and differentiate based on ability level for future tasks and assignments.
